c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\bin\ARM\Debug\BrightLight.exe
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\bin\ARM\Debug\BrightLight.pdb
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\bin\ARM\Debug\resources.pri
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\bin\ARM\Debug\AppxManifest.xml
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\bin\ARM\Debug\BrightLight.build.appxrecipe
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.i.cs
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\App.g.cs
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.i.cs
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.g.cs
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.i.cs
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.g.cs
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\XamlTypeInfo.g.cs
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\App.xaml
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\Common\StandardStyles.xaml
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\MainPage.xaml
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\BrightLight.exe
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\BrightLight.pdb
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml.intermediate
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles.intermediate
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\priconfig.xml
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\layout.resfiles
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\resources.resfiles
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\pri.resfiles
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\LanguageQualifiers.txt
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\ProjectArchitectures.txt
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\_pkginfo.txt
c:\Users\phbenton\Documents\Visual Studio 2012\Projects\BrightLight\BrightLight\obj\ARM\Debug\Stripped\BrightLight.pdb
